Fix cluster file compression (#6454)
wazuh/wazuh: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [v4.0.1] - 

### Fixed

> - Fixed bugs in cluster integrity synchronization. ([#6367](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/issues/6367))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed zip files compression and handling in cluster integrity synchronization. ([#6367](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/issues/6367))
```
